SpaceX notes:
-grey background color: #E0E0E0

Homepage:
	Quickfacts:
		Founded: 2002
		veichles: 3
		Launches contracted: 100+
		Employees: 6000+


	Quotes:

		Main:

		"SpaceX designs, manufactures and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft. 
		The company was founded in 2002 to revolutionize space technology, with the
		ultimate goal of enabling people to live on other planets."
		

		Making History:
		
		"SpaceX has gained worldwide attention for a series of historic milestones. 
		It is the only private company capable of returning a spacecraft from low 
		Earth orbit, which it first accomplished in 2010. The company made history 
		again in 2012 when its Dragon spacecraft became the first commercial spacecraft
		to deliver cargo to and from the International Space Station."

		"SpaceX successfully achieved the historic first reflight of an orbital class
		 rocket in 2017, and the company now regularly launches flight-proven rockets.
		 In 2018, SpaceX began launching Falcon Heavy, the world’s most powerful 
		operational rocket by a factor of two."


		Advancing the future:

		"As one of the world’s fastest growing providers of launch services, SpaceX
		 has secured over 100 missions to its manifest, representing over $12 billion
		 on contract. These include commercial satellite launches as well as US government
		 missions. SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft is flying numerous cargo resupply missions
		 to the space station under a series of Commercial Resupply Services contracts.
		 Dragon was designed from the outset to carry humans to space and will soon fly
		 astronauts under NASA’s Commercial Crew Program."

		"Building on the achievements of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy, SpaceX is working
		 on a next generation of fully reusable launch vehicles that will be the most
		 powerful ever built, capable of carrying humans to Mars and other destinations
		in the solar system."


References:
Fonts: 
	Helvetica: https://freefontsfamily.com/helvetica-font-family/

Colors:
	Orange: E36B37
	Blue: 46B19C
	Dark Grey: 767B89
	Light Grey: 7B8590 / B6BECA